                                IMPORTANT
           READ THE INFORMATION BELOW
Do NOT continue with the setup until you have done so.


GENERAL NOTES
-------------
If you are on a Local Area Network (LAN), do NOT proceed 
with this installation without first consulting your LAN 
Administrator.  Running this setup may affect your network 
settings.

If you continue, the PrimeConnect Setup will next launch
the Microsoft Internet Explorer Setup, which will install
Internet software on your computer.

After the installation, your computer will ask to restart. 
Allow it to do so. This restart will most likely take
several extra minutes.  Do NOT manually restart your
computer.  What happens after the restart depends on
whether you are running Windows 95 or Windows NT 4.0.


WINDOWS 95
----------
If you already have MS Internet Explorer 4.0 installed on 
your system, do NOT run this setup.  Click on Cancel, then 
see the Windows 95 Read Me file (win95.txt) in the ReadMe
folder of the CD-ROM for Manual Setup instructions.  You
can get to the ReadMe folder of the CD-ROM with the
Windows Explorer.  Do not attempt to access the CD-ROM
through the My Computer icon.

After your computer restarts, it will automatically dial
out to access our online registration system.  You may see
a window with the following properties listed:

Username: Pgcguest
Password: *****

Do not change these settings unless you fail to connect.
In that event, clear the password box and type in the word
guest in all lowercase letters.


WINDOWS NT 4.0
--------------
After your computer restarts, see the Windows NT 4.0 Read 
Me file (nt4.txt) in the ReadMe folder of the CD-ROM for
further instructions on setting up PrimeConnect for
Windows NT 4.0.


-------------------
SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS
------------------- 
This version is intended for users of Microsoft(R) 
Windows(R) 95 and Windows NT 4.0

This release includes Microsoft Windows 95 / NT 4 Virtual 
Machine (VM) for Java(TM). It supports the same feature set 
available in Sun JDK 1.02.

- PC with 486 or better (Pentium, Pentium Pro) processor
- 8MB RAM required; 12MB RAM recommended
- A VGA monitor or better
- A mouse
- A 14400 BPS (14.4) or faster modem
- Microsoft Windows 95 or Microsoft Windows NT 4.0

